I'm on bedale gumbo you're his fantasies
2013 insider it's day four and yesterday
was so much fun with AT&T rock in the
house when Jesse enjoy and make sure to
check out the pictures on Twitter
hashtag corazon comfy on it's definitely
been a one-of-a-kind experience leading
up to a groundbreaking event upcoming
highlights include the Latino Vader
Soledad O'Brien red carpet behind the
scenes inspiring sessions speakers and
the make the earth tremble after party
his fantasize has provided a perfect
platform to expand your network so
continue to collect those business cards
follow us on Twitter Facebook and don't
forget to enter the his fantasize social
caster contest you're watching his
fantasize 2013